Mailmodo destination doc (#891)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/mailmodo.mdx

---
title: "Mailmodo"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to Mailmodo.
aliases: ["Mailmodo destination"]
---

[Mailmodo](https://www.mailmodo.com/) is an interactive email marketing tool that provides several useful features such as, sending transactional campaigns, email automation and drip emails with customer journeys, WYSIWYG email editor and many other tool integrations.

> RudderStack supports Mailmodo as a destination where you can seamlessly send your event data.

Reviewer: We are supporting Mailmodo as a source too. Do we need this line here?

| Connection Mode | Web | Mobile | Server |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Device mode | - | - | - |
| Cloud mode | Supported  | Supported | Supported |

<div class="infoBlock">
To know more about the difference between cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</Link> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Mailmodo, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add a source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Mailmodo**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click **Continue**.

## Connection settings

To successfully configure Mailmodo as a destination, you will need to configure the following settings:

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/mailmodo-connection-settings.png" alt="Mailmodo connection settings" />

- **API Key**: Enter your Mailmodo API key.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on obtaining your Mailmodo API key, refer to the <Link to="#FAQ">FAQ</Link> section below.
</div>

> - **List Name**: This field is **only applicable** for the `identify` call. Enter the name of the Mailmodo list where contacts should be added. If not provided, `rudderstack` is taken as the default list name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **List Name**: This field is **only applicable** for the `identify` call. Enter the name of the Mailmodo list where contacts should be added. If not provided, `Rudderstack` is taken as the default list name. 
```

---
title: "Mailmodo"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to Mailmodo.
aliases: ["Mailmodo destination"]
---

> [Mailmodo](https://www.mailmodo.com/) is an interactive email marketing tool that provides several useful features such as, sending transactional campaigns, email automation and drip emails with customer journeys, WYSIWYG email editor and many other tool integrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Mailmodo](https://www.mailmodo.com/) is an interactive email marketing tool that provides several useful features such as sending transactional campaigns, email automation and drip emails with customer journeys, WYSIWYG email editor, and many other tool integrations.
```

<div class="warningBlock">
No more than 100 contacts can be added in a single  <code class="inline-code">identify</code> call.
</div>

A sample `identify` call is shown below:

```javascript
{
  "userId": "1hKOmRA4el9Z",
  "anonymousId": "78c53c15-32a1-4b65-adac-bec2d7bb8",
  "context": {
    "traits": {
      "trait1": "new-val"
    },
    "ip": "14.5.67.21",
    "library": {
      "name": "http"
    }
  },
  "traits": {
    "email": "alex@example.com",
    "name": "Alex Keener",
    "firstName": "Alex",
    "lastName": "Keener",
    "age": 40,
    "phone": "+1-202-555-0146",
    "lastClick": "2020-02-02T00:23:09.544Z",
    "lastOpen": "2020-02-02T00:23:09.544Z"
  },
  "timestamp": "2020-02-02T00:23:09.544Z"
}
```

### Supported mappings

The following table lists the mappings between the RudderStack and Mailmodo properties:

| RudderStack property | Mailmodo property | Presence |
| :--------------| :---------| :--------------|
| `traits.email`/`context.traits.email`/`properties.email` | `values.email` | Required |
| `traits.firstName`/`context.traits.firstName` | `values.data.first_name` | Optional |

> | `traits.lastName`/`context.traits.lastName` | `values.data.lastName` | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `traits.lastName`/`context.traits.lastName` | `values.data. last_name ` | Optional |
```

| `traits.name`/`context.traits.name` | `values.data.name` | Optional |
| `traits.gender`/`context.traits.gender` | `values.data.gender` | Optional |
| `traits.age`/`context.traits.age` | `values.data.age` | Optional (Integer format) |
| `traits.birthday`/`context.traits.birthday` | `values.data.birthday` | Optional (ISO format/UNIX timestamp) |
| `traits.phone`/`context.traits.phone` | `values.data.phone` | Optional |
| `traits.city`/`context.traits.city`/`traits.address.city`/`context.traits.address.city` | `values.data.city` | Optional |
| `traits.address`/`context.traits.address` | `address1` + `address2` | Optional |
| `traits.state`/`context.traits.state`/`traits.address.state`/`context.traits.address.state` | `values.data.state` | Optional |
| `traits.country`/`context.traits.country`/`traits.address.country`/`context.traits.address.country` | `values.data.country` | Optional |

> | `traits.zipcode`/`context.traits.zipcode` | `values.data.postal_code` | Optional |

Reviewer: lets add `postalcode` and `postal_code`

---
title: "Mailmodo"
description: Step-by-step guide on sending your event data from RudderStack to Mailmodo.
aliases: ["Mailmodo destination"]
---

> [Mailmodo](https://www.mailmodo.com/) is an interactive email marketing tool that provides several useful features such as sending transactional campaigns, email automation and drip emails with customer journeys, WYSIWYG email editor, and many other tool integrations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Mailmodo](https://www.mailmodo.com/) is an interactive email marketing tool. It provides several useful features like sending transactional campaigns, email automation, and drip emails with customer journeys, WYSIWYG email editor, and many other tool integrations.
```

> <div class="infoBlock">

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<div class="successBlock">
```

> Apart from Mailmodo destination, RudderStack also supports <a href ="/sources/event-streams/cloud-apps/mailmodo/">Mailmodo as a source</a>.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
RudderStack also supports Mailmodo as a data source. For more information, refer to the <a href ="/sources/event-streams/cloud-apps/mailmodo/">Mailmodo source documentation</a>.
```

| Connection Mode | Web | Mobile | Server |
| :--- | :--- | :--- | :--- |
| Device mode | - | - | - |
| Cloud mode | Supported  | Supported | Supported |

<div class="infoBlock">
To know more about the difference between cloud mode and device mode in RudderStack, refer to the <Link to="/destinations/rudderstack-connection-modes/">RudderStack Connection Modes</Link> guide.
</div>

Once you have confirmed that the source platform supports sending events to Mailmodo, follow these steps:

1. From your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/), add a source. Then, from the list of destinations, select **Mailmodo**.
2. Assign a name to the destination and click **Continue**.

## Connection settings

To successfully configure Mailmodo as a destination, you will need to configure the following settings:

<img src="../../assets/event-stream-destinations/mailmodo-connection-settings.png" alt="Mailmodo connection settings" />

- **API Key**: Enter your Mailmodo API key.

<div class="infoBlock">
For more information on obtaining your Mailmodo API key, refer to the <Link to="#FAQ">FAQ</Link> section below.
</div>

> - **List Name**: This field is **only applicable** for the `identify` call. Enter the name of the Mailmodo list where contacts should be added. If not provided, `Rudderstack` is taken as the default list name. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **List Name**: This field is **only applicable** for the `identify` call. Enter the name of the Mailmodo list where the contacts should be added. If not provided, `Rudderstack` is taken as the default list name. 
```
